ビジネスソースライセンス1.1

ライセンステキストcopyright(c)2017MariaDB Corporation Ab,All Rights Reserved.
「ビジネスソースライセンス」はMariaDB Corporation Abの商標です。

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

パラメータ

ライセンサー:Fuel Labs Inc.

ライセンスされた仕事：燃料コア
                      ライセンスされた作品は(c)2021Fuel Labs Inc

追加の使用許可：以下でリストおよび定義されている使用
                      <https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-v2-license-params/blob/master/ADDITIONAL_USE_GRANT>

変更日：2026-01-01の前の日付またはで指定された日付
                      <https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-v2-license-params/blob/master/CHANGE_DATE>

ライセンスの変更：Apache-2.0

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

用語

ライセンサーは、ここにあなたに派生物をコピー、変更、作成する権利を付与します
ライセンスされた作品の作品、再配布、および非生産的な使用を行います。 ザ-
ライセンサーは、制限された許可、上記、追加の使用助成金を行うことができます
生産の使用。

変更日、または最初の公の四周年に有効
この下でライセンスされた作品の特定のバージョンの利用可能な配布
ライセンス、いずれか最初に来る、ライセンサーはここに下の権利を付与します
変更ライセンスの条件、および段落で付与された権利
以上終了します。

ライセンスされた作品の使用が要件に準拠していない場合
このライセンスに記載されているように現在有効で、あなたはaを購入する必要があります
ライセンサー、その関連会社、または許可された商業ライセンス
再販業者、またはライセンスされた作品の使用を控える必要があります。

オリジナルおよび修正されたライセンス作品、および派生作品のすべてのコピー
ライセンスされた作品のうち、このライセンスの対象となります。 このライセンスが適用されます
ライセンスされた作品のバージョンごとに個別に、変更日は異なる場合があります
ライセンサーによってリリースされたライセンスされた作品の各バージョンのために。

このライセンスは、元のコピーまたは変更されたコピーごとに顕著に表示する必要があります
ライセンスされた作品の。 あなたがオリジナルでライセンスされた作品を受け取った場合、または
第三者からの変更されたフォームは、この中に記載されている利用規約
その作品の使用にはライセンスが適用されます。

このライセンスに違反してライセンスされた作品を使用すると、自動的に
現在および他のすべてのために、このライセンスに基づくあなたの権利を終了します
ライセンスされた作品のバージョン。

このライセンスは、あなたの商標またはロゴの任意の権利を付与するものではありません
ライセンサーまたはその関連会社（お客様が以下の商標またはロゴを使用できることを条件とします
本ライセンスによって明示的に必要とされるライセンサー）。

適用される法律で許可される範囲で、ライセンスされた作品は以下に提供されます
「現状のまま」の基礎。 ライセンサーはここにすべての保証および条件を否認します,
明示または黙示を問わず、以下の保証を含みますが、これらに限定されません。
商品性、特定目的への適合性、非侵害、および
タイトル。

MariaDBは、本ライセンスのテキストを使用してライセンスを取得する許可をここに付与します
あなたの作品、および商標"ビジネスソースライセンス"を使用してそれを参照するには,
お客様が以下のライセンサーの契約を遵守している限り。

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

ライセンサーの契約

このライセンスのテキストと"ビジネス"を使用する権利を考慮して
ソースライセンス"の名前と商標、MariaDB、およびすべてのライセンサーの契約
ライセンサーによって提供されるライセンスされた作品の他の受領者:

1. 変更ライセンスとしてGPLバージョン2.0またはそれ以降のバージョンを指定するには,
   またはGPLバージョン2.0以降のバージョンと互換性のあるライセンス,
   "互換性がある"とは、変更ライセンスの下で提供されるソフトウェアが
   GPLバージョン2.0またはgplバージョン2.0の下で提供されるソフトウェアを含むプログラムに含まれること
   それ以降のバージョン。 ライセンサーは、追加の変更ライセンスを指定することができ
   制限。

2. 次のいずれかを実行するには、(a)使用する権利の追加付与を指定します。
   このライセンスで付与された権利に追加の制限を課します。
   追加の使用許可;または(b)テキスト"None"を挿入します。

3. 変更日を指定します。

4. このライセンスを他の方法で変更しないこと。

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

お知らせ

ビジネスソースライセンス（このドキュメント、または"ライセンス"）はオープンではありません
ソースライセンス。 ただし、ライセンスされた作品は最終的に利用可能になります
このライセンスに記載されているように、オープンソースライセンスの下で。
Business Source License 1.1

License text copyright (c) 2017 MariaDB Corporation Ab, All Rights Reserved.
"Business Source License" is a trademark of MariaDB Corporation Ab.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Parameters

Licensor:             Fuel Labs Inc.

Licensed Work:        fuel-core
                      The Licensed Work is (c) 2021 Fuel Labs Inc

Additional Use Grant: Any uses listed and defined at
                      <https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-v2-license-params/blob/master/ADDITIONAL_USE_GRANT>

Change Date:          The earlier of 2026-01-01 or a date specified at
                      <https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-v2-license-params/blob/master/CHANGE_DATE>

Change License:       Apache-2.0

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Terms

The Licensor hereby grants you the right to copy, modify, create derivative
works, redistribute, and make non-production use of the Licensed Work. The
Licensor may make an Additional Use Grant, above, permitting limited
production use.

Effective on the Change Date, or the fourth anniversary of the first publicly
available distribution of a specific version of the Licensed Work under this
License, whichever comes first, the Licensor hereby grants you rights under
the terms of the Change License, and the rights granted in the paragraph
above terminate.

If your use of the Licensed Work does not comply with the requirements
currently in effect as described in this License, you must purchase a
commercial license from the Licensor, its affiliated entities, or authorized
resellers, or you must refrain from using the Licensed Work.

All copies of the original and modified Licensed Work, and derivative works
of the Licensed Work, are subject to this License. This License applies
separately for each version of the Licensed Work and the Change Date may vary
for each version of the Licensed Work released by Licensor.

You must conspicuously display this License on each original or modified copy
of the Licensed Work. If you receive the Licensed Work in original or
modified form from a third party, the terms and conditions set forth in this
License apply to your use of that work.

Any use of the Licensed Work in violation of this License will automatically
terminate your rights under this License for the current and all other
versions of the Licensed Work.

This License does not grant you any right in any trademark or logo of
Licensor or its affiliates (provided that you may use a trademark or logo of
Licensor as expressly required by this License).

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE LICENSED WORK IS PROVIDED ON
AN "AS IS" BASIS. LICENSOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND
TITLE.

MariaDB hereby grants you permission to use this License’s text to license
your works, and to refer to it using the trademark "Business Source License",
as long as you comply with the Covenants of Licensor below.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Covenants of Licensor

In consideration of the right to use this License’s text and the "Business
Source License" name and trademark, Licensor covenants to MariaDB, and to all
other recipients of the licensed work to be provided by Licensor:

1. To specify as the Change License the GPL Version 2.0 or any later version,
   or a license that is compatible with GPL Version 2.0 or a later version,
   where "compatible" means that software provided under the Change License can
   be included in a program with software provided under GPL Version 2.0 or a
   later version. Licensor may specify additional Change Licenses without
   limitation.

2. To either: (a) specify an additional grant of rights to use that does not
   impose any additional restriction on the right granted in this License, as
   the Additional Use Grant; or (b) insert the text "None".

3. To specify a Change Date.

4. Not to modify this License in any other way.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Notice

The Business Source License (this document, or the "License") is not an Open
Source license. However, the Licensed Work will eventually be made available
under an Open Source License, as stated in this License.
